+++
date = 2020-03-31T07:00:00Z
description = "Thoughts of the week, during house arrest."
tags = ["utopia"]
title = "Ballast—002."

+++
This is late but I’m publishing it anyway.

* Last week was a bit of a rollercoaster. I was called to help write a book (more on that later), co-host an hour or two of a pop-up radio station (that was the part of the rollercoaster that went downhill),
* Mr. Willis and I co-hosted an hour or two on a pop-up radio station last week. You didn’t miss much, believe me. Except for the part that Eric believes people can read his mind to hack his PIN code. We got into a bit of an argument over which is better: WarGames vs. Hackers (listen, if you want to make a good movie, don’t cast Mathew Lillard as anything other than the director's assistant). And I shared the story of that one time when we were not fit to drive home and I convinced a valet at Eddie V’s to drive us home, park the vehicle, and run back to the restaurant. Best twenty bucks I ever spent. I'm told we had the best ratings of the twenty-four hours, but I think that was just the station owner's way of saying, "please, never come back."
* Cloudy, rainy weather makes the home lockdown so much worse. I need to find a different part of the Pacific Northwest to shelter in place for the next pandemic or buy a place in Palm Springs. Also, you can have pools in Palm Springs.
* We’re getting through more of our board games collection. Last week we played [Parks](https://keymastergames.com/parks "Parks") for the first time. It’s a fun, but engaging strategy game that is based upon the artwork from the [Fifty-Nine Parks](https://www.59parks.net "Fifty-Nine Parks") print series. You play hikers engaging with different areas of a park. The path, weather conditions, and end game bonus points are all variables so the game can be replayed often. Another game with similar variables and beauty is [Black Angel.](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/230244/black-angel "Black Angel") I heart everything about the game and its design.
* More gaming. I turned my MacBook Pro into a dual-boot machine so I could see what PC gaming is all about. It’s been fifteen years since I tried to shoot at people using a keyboard and mouse. It felt weird at first but I picked it back up alright. Windows is definitely the better platform for those experiences because the performance is night-and-day better over MacOS.
* Having done that, I am going another direction with distractions this week and hopefully the rest of the month. I’ve assembled all of the parts to up my web camera game. I’m down to one last puzzle, finding a mount for my microphone boom. My desk is stainless steel with a secondary lower lip that prevents me from using the typical screw-based desk mount. I purchased a substantial mic stand base, but where there should be a standard-sized receptacle, there are screws instead. I think my end game is going to require a machinist or welder, but that will have to wait for a while. This makes my eye twitch.
* Last thought. There are stories of calling your friends, loved ones—especially the older generations during this time. There is another group that needs your attention as well, the folks who are sequestered by themselves. I’m concerned about this group because I don’t see that they are getting the same attention, but they need human interaction just the same. Friend or not, if you have co-workers or know folks who are living by themselves, make it a point to reach out and touch them—[AT&T Style.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OapWdclVqEY "AT&T Style")