---
title: Frown.
id: 259
date: Tue, 18 Feb 2003 09:11:28 +0000
---

This site is better than the California State Lottery. Read on.  

Unfortunately I will not be attending <span class="caps">SXSW</span> this year. Which is a shame because I would have loved to say hi to Zeldman, Powazek, the Trotts, and Haughey.  

And it would have also been fun to meet the mighy Griff of Ultramicroscopic, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Erichian, and Christine at the awards ceremony. These people are like family now, with all that we have been through together!  

That leaves me with two free passes to <span class="caps">SXSW</span>. I am happy to give them to dedicated, loving, and loyal Airbag readers. If you lurk around here, and you have the resources to get you to Austin then give a shout and a pass is yours.  

There is one condition to this whole mess and that is you must go to the awards ceremony to accept the <span class="caps">SXSW</span> Award for Best Weblog that Airbag is surely to receive after you take it away from 700 Buffy the Vampire Slayer fans.  

Ninja skills are not necessary but strongly encouraged. And you must provide assurance that you are actually going to go. I don’t want to waste the passes on people who are just thinking about it.  

If you are still interested please send me a communique.  

<span class="caps">UPDATE:</span> Well that took a lot more work than I thought it would but the passes have been given out and martial arts training has begun. Watch you back Buffy, the Agents of Airbag are on their way and have the eye on the prize.





