---
title: Lava.
id: 1861
date: Tue, 12 Oct 2004 20:28:39 +0000
---

I don’t know what it is about this election but I’m becoming more and more enraged by the sham political parties are making of our democracy. And it seems to be getting worse by the day.  

As discovered by [Talking Points Memo](http://www.talkingpointsmemo.com/archives/week_2004_10_10.php#003663) the <span class="caps">GOP</span> have hired a company to register voters, but are only interested in those who registered as Republican. If people indicated an affiliation to the <span class="caps">DNC</span> their [registration cards were destroyed](http://www.klas-tv.com/Global/story.asp?S=2421595&nav=168XRvNe) — a violation of federal law!



<div class="quote">Two former workers say they personally witnessed company supervisors rip up and trash registration forms signed by Democrats.  

“We caught her taking Democrats out of my pile, handed them to her assistant and he ripped them up right in front of us. I grabbed some of them out of the garbage and she tells her assisatnt to get those from me,” said Eric Russell, former Voters Outreach employee.  

Eric Russell managed to retrieve a pile of shredded paperwork including signed voter registration forms, all from Democrats. We took them to the Clark County Election Department and confirmed that they had not, in fact, been filed with the county as required by law.</div>In support of the former employees testimony is a companies job listing on [Career Builder](http://nonprofit.careerbuilder.com/JobSeeker/Jobs/JobDetails.aspx?Job_DID=JQ5WL605V900TFY6WG&cbRecursionCnt=1&cbsid=54b133d6a7ba4a0aad3aa2d05f284e57-150934357-xo-2):



<div class="quote">Canvassing Neighborhoods in Support of the <span class="caps">GOP</span>!  

Voter’s Outreach of America is hiring door-to-door canvassers asking people to register to vote. Must be at least 18 yrs of age, no felonies, registered to vote and have own transportation. Need good communication skills and professional appearance. Hours are 4pm to 8pm Monday-Friday and 8am to noon Saturday.  

Call toll free 702-307-1320 for more information.  

Paid for by the Republican National Committee. www.gop.com. Not authorized by any candidate or candidate’s committee.</div>Now before the lot of you go off on the Good Old Party, know that [Ralph Nader used the same company](http://arizona.indymedia.org/news/2004/06/19886.php) to amass the requisite signatures in Arizona. And just like this incident in Nevada, the methods used for Nader were questionable at best. I suspect the <span class="caps">DNC</span> is also engaged in similar activities but just hasn’t been caught with their hand in the rigged vote cookie jar.  

If you’ve been reading Airbag long enough you’ll know that I consider voting to a top priority and important responsibility, but when I read about crap like this it makes me want to start large riots in the streets of Washington <span class="caps">DC</span>. With any luck we could burn down the party headquarters, lynch a few lobbyist and run off all the scum bag partisan politicians that are more interested in redrawing voting districts than having to compete to keep their job.  

Burn baby burn!





