---
title: 9/What?
id: 1644
date: Tue, 24 Aug 2004 07:52:24 +0000
---

This morning I came upon two websites make disturbing and direct references to 9/11 in their designs.  
[Australian INfront’s](http://www.australianinfront.com.au/) splash page features a design piece using American and German corporation logos that have been arranged in the shape of a jet plane. Helping to form the body of the airplane is a short commentary which starts, “I pilot a weapon” — to the left of these words is a silhouette of the World Trade Center. This artwork suggests that the commercial designer is a terrorist just as deadly as the ones who attacked on 9/11 and that they will carry out attacks just as blatant as those who plunged real planes into real buildings and killed a lot of people.  
 Perhaps even more extreme is [<span class="caps">D414</span>](http://www.d414.net/main.html) which features the burning Twin Towers in the background while a trendy techno track beats away. Their ‘rescue’ theme continues with (what I assume to be) a NYC Fireman standing in front of Ground Zero, a woman clutched in his arms. This image is used again in a downloadable desktop image (stationary/screens/screen2), only this time the woman is seen to say, “Oh, thank you <span class="caps">D414</span>” to the fireman.  
 In both cases the designs are very offensive — maybe even too offensive. Australian INfront’s casual use of these comments and visuals are too cold to be used as design commentary and serve no other purpose than to take a cheap shot in effort to somehow look and sound brilliant.  
 Meanwhile, <span class="caps">D414</span>‘s use of the burning World Trade Center and a NYC Firefighter as design elements for their public image is callous and distasteful to say the least. To use this imagery in hip-hop fashion so recklessly is a frank display of ignorance and self absorption.


