---
title: Betamax.
id: 925
date: Tue, 27 Jan 2004 17:50:33 +0000
---

A few weeks ago Amsterdam company, OneStat (who specialize in real-time web analytics) released figures that show [Apple’s web browser, Safari, has doubled it’s market share](http://www.onestat.com/html/aboutus_pressbox26.html).  

If you’re a Macintosh fan, this is fantastic news! That is until you see what ‘doubled’ means.



The global usage share of Apple’s Safari browser has increased with 0.23 percent from 0.25 to 0.48 percent since July 2003.As cool as Safari is and as much as you and I love the Mac — the browser we use and love barely shows up on the global radar. A pin prick of brilliant light surrounded by a vast ugly dark cloud that is Internet Explorer.  

For the last year I have been trying to argue that I must have a Macintosh for work. There are Mac users who frequent our Internet properties so we’re nuts for not having at least one up to date machine in the toolbox.  

Yet time after time I am laughed at, mocked, and even given the occasional snuggy. I’m not even allowed to hang with the ‘cool guys’ at the ‘cool wall’.  

And now this? This is the last nail in the pine box coffin. Even if Safari were to double it’s user-base in six months, it would still be just shy of an entire percentage point. A percentage point!  

Ahhhhh!  

So if you’re one of the lucky ones who get to work with Macs all day, remember those of us who are behind enemy lines, captured and tortured — beaten into Microsoft Windows Internet Explorer submission each and every work day.





