---
title: Bunny.
id: 3757
date: Tue, 18 Oct 2005 12:42:02 +0000
---

Within minutes of learning about the new iPod I was clicking the “Place Order” button on the Apple Store website. Like any gadget freak I’ve been waiting to get my hands on this product for a years.  
 The 1-click purchase was later supported after I received a bonafide, hands-on report from a friend who works at Apple. He has been playing with the new iPod for about a month and had nothing but good things to say about it.  
 (Note to Apple’s legal team: the aforementioned friend told me about the new iPod after, long after, Steve told the world)  
 Excited by this purchase I did what comes naturally for a man who has just purchased a new “tool”: I bragged openly to friends, most of whom view Apple as the anti-computer and really couldn’t care less, but still I had to get my digs in somewhere.  
 Next I purchased all three episodes of Lost to make sure I had content ready to go, nothing was going to stop me from watching video on an iPod. That is until I read [John Gruber’s brief observations about the new product announcements](http://daringfireball.net/2005/10/brief_observations), in which he publishes the fine print about Apple’s newest creations.  
 At first I was overjoyed when I came upon this:

<div class="quote">Battery life of 60 <span class="caps">GB</span> iPod: 20 hours of music</div>Fantastic! I could fly to Singapore, Arab Emirates, or Madagascar on one charge! But wait, 20 hour of *music*? What about video playback?

<div class="quote">However, battery life for video playback on the 30 and 60 GB iPods is a mere “up to two hours” and “up to three hours”, respectively. That sounds sort of skimpy to me, but perhaps it’s just a reinforcement of Jobs’s statement that the iPods are still primarily about playing audio.</div>Three hours? The sound of Pac Man dying played over and over again in the internal iPod in my head. I was hoping for at least five-to-six hours of play, enough to get me through a flight across the country.  
 I couldn’t cancel the order fast enough.  
 The Sony <span class="caps">PSP</span> would be a natural option, at least you can change the batteries. Unfortunately the protective high-gloss cover makes a better mirror than a screen and the sound level is pitifully low when in competition against the jet engines a few feet away from <span class="caps">22G</span>. Maybe that’s all been fixed or adjusted in the latest system upgrade but I haven’t heard or read anything as such.  
 So for now it’s a no-go for iPod upgrade, unless I can make it on Santa’s good list this year…


