---
title: Bitter.
id: 5854
date: Thu, 12 Jul 2007 05:56:43 +0000
---

I’m so pissed I can hardly think straight. <span class="caps">CNN</span> is reporting that a new US government classified report says that [Al Qaeda, that campy little Middle East Haters Club for Men, is now as strong as it was at the time of the attacks on New York and Washington D.C.](http://www.cnn.com/2007/US/07/11/al.qaeda.report/index.html).



<div class="quote">Al Qaeda is the strongest it has been since the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, a new U.S. government analysis concludes, according to a senior government official who has seen it. Despite a campaign of military action and counterterrorism operations, al Qaeda has regained its strength and found safe haven in the tribal areas of Pakistan, the report says, according to counterterrorism officials familiar with the report.</div>In other words our Commander in Chief has failed (like that’s a big surprise, nothing he has done has ended in success). In the last seven years we’ve wasted so much money, allowed our lives and freedoms to be disrupted but more importantly we have lost way, way, way too many good men and women in this “fight on terrorism” and yet none of it has resulted in an over-all positive gain. And to think that our last president was impeached because he lied about cheating on his wife just makes our current president’s performance even more absurd.  

I hope all of you who voted for Shrub are happy. I hope you are getting what you wanted, whatever the hell that may be.





