---
title: Point.
id: 5871
date: Wed, 24 Oct 2007 12:01:55 +0000
---

A few minutes ago the FedEx man dropped off one small-to-medium sized box with the smiling Amazon logo printed on the top and sides. I knew this was coming; I’d planned to work from home today so that I could rip open the box and immediately start soaking in the knowledge contained within the pages of [Designing Web Navigation](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0596528108/airbag-20).  

As I just got the book, I can’t provide a full review yet. But after scanning every page and reading a few snippets here and there, I can assure you this is a book you’re going to want. Maybe not right away, but make sure Santa doesn’t let your chimney scuff his reindeer fur without leaving one of these beauties under the tree.  

I found the book on a recent Amazon binge and was disappointed in myself for not knowing that the book had been out for more than a month. Personally, I’ve always struggled with designing “great” navigation. I have a tendency to overthink these matters, but still: I think we have quite a way to go before we can say that we’ve uncovered *all* the fundamentals in navigation design. Sure, it’s a natural part of the information architecture process. But wayfinding is so important, and yet the attention given to the topic is scattered throughout the planning and design process. We don’t need another job title dedicated to thinking about these issues, but giving this topic more time to study and develop can only bring about better websites that result in increased usage, sales, subscriptions, etc.  

It is my hope that this book will shed some light on ideas I hadn’t considered and refutes or supports ideals we’ve long held as “biblical” in the online design word.





