---
title: Hire.
id: 5913
date: Tue, 16 Sep 2008 13:09:17 +0000
---

Good projects start with clear, straightforward communication. Unfortunately, some requests for proposals, or <span class="caps">RFP</span>s, we receive are anything but. This isn’t our clients’ fault: our industry hasn’t done much to educate them on how to approach studios with their project.  
 The whole <span class="caps">RFP</span> process is awkward. Frankly, agencies like Airbag would be better off if we provided an intuitive way for potential clients to outline a scope of work.  
 Sure, there are studios out there with a requirements document that clients can download, fill out, and send back via email. But after years of reading through these forms, I can tell you that they’re often confusing, and rarely completed in the detail requested. What follows is a clumsy ballet of follow-up emails, phone calls, voice mail, faxes, and sometimes people in brown uniforms delivering packages.  
 When trying to think through this problem, I realized it’d be great if potential Airbag clients could send us a concise, descriptive business letter, instead of the usual dashed-off email or the twenty pages-long write-up of various business rules.  
 After drafting said letter, I took it to the boys and together we created a simple application that starts off by asking a few questions, and ends with a well-crafted business request. We’ve created something that should help future clients provide just enough information about their needs that doesn’t require any second-guessing. It’s a fun, great way to put clients’ minds at ease—at the time when they’re traditionally the most overwhelmed.  
 For now, it’s called the [Airbag Work Requisition Form](http://rfp.airbagindustries.com/) and I’d invite you to check it out—[especially the cool video Ryan put together](http://rfp.airbagindustries.com/demo/video.php). With the help of future clients we’re going to kick the tires on this thing, and see if it really helps improve communication between clients and agencies.


