---
title: Predator.
id: 5911
date: Mon, 01 Sep 2008 06:28:16 +0000
---

Less than a week ago Obama said that we’re better than the last eight years and I agree with that statement but wonder if some of his staunchest supporters understood the point he was trying to make. Here, let me answer my own question: No. No, they weren’t listening or seemingly capable of knowing what Obama meant in his use of the words “better than” otherwise how do you explain this crap?



> [Members of the lefty blogosphere haven’t stopped perpetuating the rumor Sarah Palin “faked” her last pregnancy](http://townhall.com/blog/g/9b3375c7-6a27-4b5e-9204-b267282a1ce1) and are now humiliating her daughter Bristol on the blatantly incorrect suspicion she is the real mother of baby Trig.  
> 
> “Sarah Palin is NOT the Mother” is the title of this DailyKos blog that accuses Bristol, a completely fit-looking adolescent teen, of having a “baby bump” in a photo they allege was taken March 9th of this year.  
> 
> “Sarah, I’m calling you a liar” wrote blogger ArcXIX. “And not even a good one. Trig Paxson Van Palin is not your son. He is your grandson. The sooner you come forward with this revelation to the public, the better. ” Photos of Bristol with detailed commentary about her abdomen are contained in the post.

Not that Obama or any of his campaign people are going to read this but I’d like him to know that this kind of behavior—from the very core of his base—is not better than the last eight years, it’s not better than the last two-hundred and thiry-two years.  

<span class="caps">REDACTION</span> Apparently I ragged way too early this morning when, in hindsight, [what I should have done was wait a few hours for a weird situation to get even more so.](http://www.airbagindustries.com/archives/airbag/mybad.php)





