---
title: Nope.
id: 5943
date: Mon, 22 Feb 2010 05:59:26 +0000
---

This morning from Washington comes news of [Obama’s latest triumph over Bush Jr.](http://washingtontimes.com/news/2010/feb/22/obama-tops-bushs-record-for-putting-reporters-on-h/):

<div class="quote">President Obama, who pledged to establish the most open and transparent administration in history, on Monday surpasses his predecessor’s record for avoiding a full-fledged question-and-answer session with White House reporters in a formal press conference.  
 President George W. Bush’s longest stretch between prime-time, nationally televised press conferences was 214 days, from April 4 to Nov. 4, 2004. Mr. Obama tops that record on Monday, going 215 days – stretching back to July 22, according to records kept by CBS Radio’s veteran reporter Mark Knoller.</div>This is helping right? I mean this is Change, just not the kind none of us expected? Maybe this is some kind of Chicago poker tactic?  
 Oh, I think I know what this is. It’s called: Plain Stupid.  
 Out of all the campaign promises Obama made, transparency has to be one of the easiest to implement and maintain because it only requires the support of one person: himself. Sure it takes energy to perform in front of a crowd but that’s the show most of this country bought tickets to see. I don’t care how difficult it has been to run the country through a recession, two wars, Snowpocolypse, and a fight to change healthcare; that doesn’t give any leader the privilege to hide.  
 None. None what-so-ever.


