---

title: Salon.


id: 5969


date: Tue, 30 Sep 2014 09:21:22 +0000


---





Recently, two friends have lamented what Twitter has turned into, for very similar reasons. For [Jason](http://jasonsantamaria.com/articles/ditching-twitter), “it takes away so much more than it gives. Like the conversations are often more impersonal and inflammatory than they used to be. Like the experience is more toxic than nourishing.” [Erin’s](http://incisive.nu/2014/ditching-twitter/) experience was, perhaps, not as toxic:







<div class="quote">[It’s] feeling like I’m sitting at a sidewalk cafe, speaking in a conversational voice, but having that voice projected so loudly that strangers many streets away are invited to comment on my most inconsequential statements—especially if something I say gets retweeted beyond my usual circles.</div>The tone of these statements could be applied to blog comments from days past.  



There was a time when blogs and their related discussions were engaging, sometimes enraging, but otherwise fun and interesting to take part in. These exchanges of ideas, thoughts, and their related discussions helped to create the foundation of today’s web design and development community. Twitter helped to extended and then eventually replaced the platform for discussion within the community. And our discussions and connectedness has never been the as it once was.  



As the World Wide Web gets wider, the quality of interaction tanks. While I am glad that more and more people have access to this digital world, the continual addition people and applications has not helped improve the quality of discourse.  



Nothing I am saying is new. I’m allowing myself to reminisce and be a bit curmudgeon about what we once had, knowing that we’ll never get it back.  



I don’t think I’m alone with my thoughts. [Carole Guevin](https://ello.co/cgwarex) (aka [Netdiver](http://netdiver.net)) is doing her damnedest to spark a fire on Ello right now. While Ello itself is [under debate](http://mashable.com/2014/09/29/ello-outage/), you have to admire the time and energy that Carole is devoting to get the community back in action.  



Should Ello fizzle, then I’d love to help find/create the next inspiring and supportive place for our community to exchange thoughts and ideas. If you have any ideas, [leave a comment on Ello.](https://ello.co/brilliantcrank/post/X6UvCkdzlhrybIyrX7ctEw)

