---
title: Vaughn.
id: 5971
date: Mon, 17 Nov 2014 08:21:56 +0000
---

A few weeks ago my niece completely lost it. If there was a Richter scale for child meltdowns I would put it somewhere around 8.4. She was screaming at concert grade decibel levels and there were a few times when no sounds came out at all, but you could hear it all the same. Although she’s not old enough to form sentences, she was very aware that in a short while she’d have to head home. With the van all packed her mother asked her to say goodbye. She replied with a quick and defiant, “No!”  

Nobody could blame her, we didn’t want to say goodbye either. Our family had just enjoyed a glorious, long weekend together for the first time in many years. It was a moment that none of us wanted to end.  

When you’re a part of something great, it’s the last thing that you want to ever have to do, but often circumstances, whatever they may be, necessitate saying goodbye.  

In the last ten years, I have been a part of something great, really great. In the early days it was called [Airbag](http://airbagindustries.com/oldbook/) which later merged with [Happy Cog.](http://happycog.com) It started eleven years ago at a lunch with [Jeffrey Zeldman.](http://zeldman.com) During a meal of Thai food, Jeffrey strongly encouraged me to leave my job and start freelancing. Eventually I did, and turned a one man operation into a ten person company. Later, I met [Greg Hoy,](http://happycog.com/hoy) who had partnered with Jeffrey. He had established his own office and turned Happy Cog on its head with impressive success. Later, Greg and I decided to stop competing against each other and [turned our friendship into family.](http://www.airbagindustries.com/archives/airbag/memento.php)  

I’ll never forget that Friday night during 2008 <span class="caps">SXSW</span> Interactive when Greg and I went over to the Cedar Door after dinner. We purposefully went to a corner of downtown Austin that was opposite to all of the big parties. The large back patio was empty and easy to claim as our own for the night. Hoy launched some newly minted Twitter app and posted our location. Moments later our friends and “family” started appearing, seemingly out of the wood-work. It didn’t take too long for the fifty or so seats to be completely packed and remain that way into the early morning hours.  

From that night forward, [The Greg’s](https://the-pastry-box-project.net/greg-hoy/2014-november-17) were formed and we have had amazing times ever since. In addition to his business acumen and entrepreneurial knack, Hoy has a spirit for travel and traveling well. No matter where we had to go for business, Greg made sure that we were staying, eating, and imbibing at smart, swanky, and eclectic places—sometimes all three. It also helped that we both enjoy dead grapes and dead cow, especially when one is paired with the other. When Airbag merged with Happy Cog, I didn’t end up with just a business partner, I gained a friend, a mentor, and a brother.  

As much as Greg and the rest of Happy Cog made it a joy to come into work every day, the services business has been grinding away at me. I have found myself more and more distracted by the realities that come with the peaks and valleys of the services business model. And this stupid year certainly did nothing to help relax that anxiety. More importantly, I miss being able to stick with a project or a property to see things through. The relationship between the service provider and the client feels more and more surrogate than nurturing in nature.  

Several weeks ago, Greg and I were faced with making difficult, but necessary changes to the company. We ran through several scenarios and all the while, the voice inside my head and my heart screamed, “No!” I knew there was a better option, but I did not want to say it (hell, I don’t even like writing about it now). At a quiet point during the discussion, shaking and crying on the inside, I stepped forward, suggested a different future, and said goodbye to my family.  

Sitting across from Zeldman on that fateful winter afternoon in 2003, I would have never imagined the future that was before me. I have had so many wonderful experiences. If not for Jeffrey I might still be stuck at that dead end job, but instead he opened a door with a lot of opportunity. Greg came along and kicked that door wide open in a way that set the bar very high. We have had an extraordinary ride and that is going to be difficult to replace, if that’s even possible.  

I am sincerely grateful to the people I had the opportunity to work with at Airbag and Happy Cog. I’m thankful to my clients without whom, I would never be in a position to write this post. Thank you to my family who were there to give me the push I both wanted and needed in the beginning and the support at the end.  

The great thing about saying goodbye to family is that often it’s relatively short lived. Soon I’ll get to visit with my niece again. We’ll pick back up where we left off, reading about mermaids and playing with blocks. Though it’s only been a few weeks, I already miss Greg and my Happy Cog family dearly. I look forward to the time when we’ll see each other again, pick up where we left off, and have many laughs.





